I think probably the thing that I would want to build is to work on. AI-powered wallet automation

Okay.

So, how can I get my wallet to be much more intelligent than it is today? The reality is that we depend a lot, like our security model and our UX model for wallets is very, very highly dependent on humans catching mistakes. Whether it's mistakes in, oh, is this the wrong contract?

Am I getting spear fished or clicking through all these buttons to bridge from here to there? It's like, oh, make sure you come back in three minutes to could do this other transaction. And clearly, the wallets should be a lot smarter than they are.

They should be able to do a lot more of this, such as as a human being, you're operating at a higher level of autonomy and direction giving compared to where the wallets are today, which are extremely brittle. And there's almost no intelligence that's baked into your wallet besides a little bit of transaction simulation these days. I think that is going to be one of the most titanic changes that we see in the crypto industry over the next few years because of AI.

And I think in order to get there, you need to do reinforcement learning at scale with a really robust data pipeline and simulation environments in order to do that. And I haven't seen anyone really try to tackle this today. I think it actually requires quite a lot of capital.

And I think it's a very hard problem to solve. And we're clearly not there yet. We were not incapable of solving it today.

Because, you know, models cannot consistently order pizza. They can't even consistently book a flight. What makes you think they can consistently, you know, bridge assets and do dextrades and like not get phished, right?

Like that's even harder than ordering a pizza. So if you look at the latest generation of models, I think if you look at the newest Cloud4 Opus, some of these agentic benchmarks, I think on ordering a pizza, it's something like 80% ability to order pizza and like 60% on booking flights, which is, you know, it's incredible compared to where they were a few years ago, but it's still abysmal in absolute terms, right? Like if you had a personal assistant who could order you a pizza 80% of the time, you'd be like, what the fuck is wrong?

Like I'll just order all my own pizzas. Like I'm not even going to deal with this. So, but I think they will get there very soon.

I would guess within a couple of years we're going to have these things consistently booking flights for us. And whoever wins this of being able to get AI and getting agents to work directly within your wallet and be as trustworthy as a self-driving car, right? If you think about, you know, I don't know if you've ever taken a Waymo, but you know, today, you know, you take a Waymo in San Francisco or in Phoenix or in Austin.

And it's just like this is, I trust this more than I would trust an Uber. It's kind of, you know, it's slower and it's more methodical today, but it's almost certainly safer than going in an Uber. So when are we going to have self-driving wallets?

And those self-driving wallets are going to totally change our experience of Blockchains. I think this will be one of the biggest companies and one of the biggest opportunities because of the fact that it's going to change our relationship with Blockchains, right? Not just that, okay, I'll be able to tell my wallet, hey, move my assets from here to there.

It's that I won't even care where my assets are. Because why would I need to care? I would just tell them, hey, I want to go trade on HyperLiquid, go get me a 5X long on Bitcoin.

And the wallet will just figure it out. It will say, oh, well, my asset is over here, I'm going to go bridge, I'm going to do this, I'm going to do that, it's just going to happen in the background. Same way, I tell my Alexa, hey, order me diapers, and it just doesn't, right?

I don't need to deal with anything. That will happen. You will trust the intelligence of your wallet enough to be able to delegate that task to it. 

And when that happens, how does it change your relationship with Blockchains? How does it change your relationship with Arbitrum, with Solana, with all these things? When I no longer care what chain this thing is on, I no longer have even allegiance to say, oh, well, I'll only use Solana apps because I love Solana, I'm a Solana guy, right?

That I think is going to be the biggest shift that we see in crypto over the next five years. And that I think that's the kind of scale of opportunity that if I was going to build something, I would want to go after.

Yeah, I totally agree with you. I mean, I think one aspect of this that to me seems so crazy and illustrates how crucial this is, it's just like wallet security, right? Because it's so, so hard and it feels like it's actually gotten worse.”

I mean, at least back in the day, everyone was like, oh, not your keys, not your coins, self-custody, it's the way to go, right? And it was very much, and like, you know, you don't want people onto crypto and they're like, you know, you have to write down, you see, phrase your own wallet. I think today we have like, you can often barely predict what are you signing?

You have all of this phishing attacks, hacks, sophistication. It feels like something where most people shouldn't actually use a wallet, right? You shouldn't do self-course.

And I think the only thing that can solve that would be something like this, where you can basically say, oh, I want to do this. And then there's some verification thing that will translate into a transaction, verifies that this is really the right thing, what you want to do. So yeah, I think this is a massive one.

If you look at smart contracts, right? In a way, smart contracts, we talk about how magical they are and how amazing they are. But the thing that's obvious about them is that they're really not designed for humans, right?

In a way, they're kind of designed for machines. Like, it's a lot easier for a machine to parse EVM bytecode than it is for a human being to do so, right? And it's certainly easier for them to parse solidity with, like, you know, if you've got this diamond contract thing with, like, you know, you can't even, you look at the code, you can't even tell what the hell's going on.

Even if you can read code, you can't tell what's happening. But an AI can very easily go and parse the contract that it's interacting with, simulate it, interact with it, go see what are other deployed instances of this contract, are there any wallets that have been poisoned by it, check the DNS records, make sure nothing's changed recently. All this stuff, there's nothing stopping you from doing it.

You could do it, if you were sophisticated enough, you could do it, but you just won't, right? You're lazy, it's slow, it's time consuming, like, you just don't have that level of patience. But an AI never gets bored, never gets lazy, you know”

It's like, it's like, you know, a Waymo. A Waymo never does a rolling stop. It's kind of annoying that it never does a rolling stop, but it never does a rolling stop because it never gets impatient, right?

It's just like, okay, here's a stop sign, I will come to a complete stop and then I will start again. And, you know, maybe we need to modify this behavior, but at the end of the day, it's completely configurable by us, the level of scrutiny and carefulness that these AIs will take. Now, there will definitely be attacks against AIs, and that will freak people out when the first time, you know, an AI does something purely that an AI would, a mistake only an AI would make, and that a human being would never make.

But eventually we will get to a point that AIs are safer than humans for self-custody, and eventually, and I think not, it won't take too long to get there, that AIs will basically never make a mistake of that kind, right, just because of the fact that it's actually pretty easy to understand, hey, the user wants to trade on Uniswap, the user wants to use this app, the user wants to do this, the user wants to do that. And almost every case, not every single one, but almost every case, if a technical, intelligent person had reviewed this attack surface area, they could have figured out something went wrong. But just nobody is ever doing all those checks all at the same time.

One of the things I think that it's to be proud of as the industry, even though I agree with you, that wallet security is really difficult, it's really fraught, is that if you look at the amount of hacks that have taken place in crypto over the last five years, the amount of hacks actually at the smart contract layer have plummeted. Almost none of the losses that you see anymore happening on chain are actually smart contracts getting hacked. It's almost always spear phishing, wallet compromise, some kind of malware, user error and the reason why is that we've actually figured out how to write secure code now, which is thank God.

But if you even think about the Bybit hack, which of course unfortunately happened relatively recently, one of the biggest hacks in crypto history, full disclosure, where investors in Bybit, that hack, the question is like, okay, well, that wasn't even noticeably, the smart contract itself was not compromised. It was the front end that was compromised, and if they had checked the actual hash corresponded to a clean computer, computing the hash of what they thought they were citing, they could have noted the non-correspondence between those two. Again, an AI could have done that.

An AI could have went and spun up a virtual machine and go and verified that thing or ran the code itself, but they didn't do it, and maybe they would have if they had infinite time, but they didn't. An AI could have also just read the front end. If you'd read the front end, you would have seen that there was a special case in the JavaScript on the front end that said, if your wallet is this, do this instead.

That code was there in the JavaScript payload they were served, and as a human being, you're never going to see that, you're never going to check, but an AI will always check. An AI will always check. So that is my fundamental intuition, where that comes from, of why wallet security in five years will be much better than it is today.

